okay so I'm gonna show you guys my
needle and she is just like you at all
well my American velocity and she is
number 33 amberlynn i renamed travel and
actually mole named trembling we call
her ever so I'm sure we do my opening
video without for herring it on me and
she has two little diamonds I remembered
so on the side of her eye and her hair's
clip his number 33 right there okay she
came to the catalog going to show you
coat a chunky burn a book but she has
her original it on paper necklace was
also term cuz i got her ears pierced
shaking with earrings so here she is and
she has her hair cut back on the side in
here she has two little spurt place that
i put so yeah let's just remove i'm
going to be doing over here now shaker
girls again twisted there you ok so it
comes with the tab honey care for here
American labelled with curly cam so this
meal it's a really good doll to have it
wasn't I really don't recommend her if
you're going to get hurt after Bristol
because of her hair she has really
really pretty hair and if you really
don't know have managed it you can
actually ruin the hair ok no bad
feelings for anybody but you can
actually run the hair and you will be
actually upset
feel really she's my first doll my
fourth know and um yeah my first on my
second all with curly hair my first
almost Carly actually had wavy hair bus
right now because I got tired of her way
to hear like you brushed it and it goes
like poof well I do not like about her
hair I don't know it's just happening to
me or to everybody but her here's not
tightly secured in like I'm like picking
up the hair pick me like the balls of
hairpin off and she has over here just
show you she has some of her wigs
stitching's that are coming off of her
hair I tried to brush her hair like very
very carefully but it really impossible
to do it because every time he like
brush it off order like doing anything
to her hair and bunches of hair just go
home and people say general home like
for the first days I'm just going to see
what having like about a week I did get
her yesterday and I put to their butt
stick out these are actually stick on
earrings that i got for America girl and
they do sell them they do not appear
online but they do so well your hair is
really easy to manage actually for your
first all I bet you just take one of the
curls and finger coil it and then let it
go and it codes her hair today with
colors so that's why it's also really
nice and cuddly she's a very very good
doll to have and if you can and get her
I really wanted to get her her
underwears pink she comes on pink
underwear really cute talk nice shirt
the skirt but I actually thought this
skirt was gonna be scorched because it
looks like this court
yeah but it's not and the big day
actually kind of cute but they do so
pretty in quite a feat to have the same
boots only that they don't have the
butterfly foot and then pretty clouds
are a little bit short but it she's our
overall a really nice tall and i really
recommend guys got her so yeah now i'm
going to do a video on all me Dalton
explain their stories by